Update amberelectric.markdown (#42667)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/amberelectric.markdown

ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@madpilot'
  - '@Williamnumismatics'
ha_domain: amberelectric
ha_platforms:
  - binary_sensor
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> [Amber](https://www.amber.com.au/) is an Australian electricity retailer that provides access to wholesale electricity prices. Customers monitor the wholesale price and shift their energy usage to cheaper, greener times. This saves them money and supports the shift to a more renewably-powered Australia. Customers can also sell their unused electricity for fluctuating prices. This is different from other wholesale electricity providers as the price you sell electricity at will be different depending on demand.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Amber](https://www.amber.com.au/) is an Australian electricity retailer that provides access to wholesale electricity prices. Customers monitor the wholesale price and shift their energy usage to cheaper, greener times. This saves them money and supports the shift to a more renewably-powered Australia. Customers can also sell their unused electricity for fluctuating prices. This is different from other wholesale electricity providers as the price you sell electricity at will be different depending on demands.
```

ha_integration_type: integration
---

> [Amber](https://www.amber.com.au/) is an Australian electricity retailer that provides access to wholesale electricity prices. Customers monitor the wholesale price and shift their energy usage to cheaper, greener times. This saves them money and supports the shift to a more renewably-powered Australia. Customers can also sell their unused electricity for fluctuating prices. This is different from other wholesale electricity providers as the price you sell electricity at will be different depending on demands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Amber](https://www.amber.com.au/) is an Australian electricity retailer that provides access to wholesale electricity prices. Customers monitor the wholesale price and shift their energy usage to cheaper, greener times. This saves them money and supports Australia's shift towards more renewable energy. Customers can also sell their unused electricity for fluctuating prices. This differs from other wholesale providers, where selling prices vary based on grid demand.
```
